Q. Can post requests be bookmarked? What are the problems?
A. No, a post request cannot be bookmarked. Because the browser stores
    the associated URL without any information about the HTTP method or HTTP request body.

Q. What is the purpose of request dispatching?
A. request dispatcher is an interface that is responsible to dispatch requests to other resources
    such as servlets and jsp.

Q. What is the difference between redirect and request dispatch?
A. A redirect fires up a new HTTP request to a given URL where dispatching simply delegates
   the current request to another resource.

Q. What's an attribute?
A. An attribute is mutable data that is stored on the server
    An attribute score can be on the request or the entire session or on the entire application.

Q. What is the difference between attributes and parameters?
A. A parameter is a read-only data attached to a single request.
    Attribute is a mutable data that can have multiple scopes (request, session, application).

Q. What are dangers of using attributes?
A. Attributes are mutable data and they need a synchronized access in order to prevent data corruption
    such as race conditions.

Q. What does it mean to say that http is stateless? Give an example of a stateful protocol.
A. What it means that HTTP is stateless is that HTTP requests does not remember any changes
    Other requests did before them.
    An example of stateful request can be achieved by adding an instance variable to a servlet.
    And change the value of the instance variable.
    Now each request afterwards should view the changes.

Q. Give 5 different methods for maintaining state information (count each attribute scope as one
method)
A. 1- Attribute request scope
   2- Attribute session scope
   3- Attribute application scope
   4- Instance variables
   5- Singletons

Q. How long does a session last?
A. The session ends either by expiration or the user closing the browser.
    Expiration time is configured in the application (defaults to 30 seconds).

A. What is a cookie, and how long does a cookie last?
Q. A cookie is data that is stored on the client side(browser) and it last until expiration
    or if the user removes it manually.

A. What is the purpose of URL rewriting?
Q. URL rewriting is used to modify the URL to include the session id in the URL.

A. Why does the request attribute report ‘null’ for the maintaining state demo?
Q. Because it's on the request scope and it was set on a GET request but retrieved on a POST request.